# Portfolio
•	Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. For this project we were creating an item tracking program for a grocery store. The project would have helped them see a list of items purchased throughout the day and it would help them understand what the demand was for certain products to better schedule when purchases of produce or other items. They can also use the data to see what ways they can improve sales by rearranging the store, or other things with it giving them data daily that they can understand. 

•	What did you do particularly well? For this project I was able to get the text record that they would generate to be read easily.  

•	Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? Some ways I can enhance the code is to create a better user interface. The current code relies on a certain file name, but I could create an interface to where they type the file name or copy the directory and paste it as an input. This would make the product more user friendly and allow them to have that data stored without having to delete the old ones due to file name issues. 

•	Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? The piece that was the most difficult for me to write was when I was the formatting of the menu showing the options. Some of the options wouldn’t work or the spacing and formatting would be wrong. I looked through my previous projects and some of the previous module notes to find a way to get this to work. I would continue to do that and look at our zybooks as well if I am running into issues.  

•	What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? With this project learning how to implement multiple languages and calling functions between the two will be something that I will use a lot within other projects. Also, learning how to allow customization options inside of c++ to make the basic text output look more appealing making the output easier to read and understand is something that I can see myself using often. 

•	How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? The way I made this program readable was to reduce any redundant code that I can find as well as having the format be something that isn’t difficult to see when a next item or line starts. I also have some comments throughout for if I need to be refreshed on parts of it. The program is modular and so that increases the maintainability of it. I feel that in the python section it would be easy to just change the name of the file and edit that to have it instead ask the user for an input. This would also go with the adaptability of it with using functions and groups that will be easily changeable as well as having that option to test it to ensure that the code is working as intended or roll back the changes 

